[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now we need a default, right.
And the reason that we need a default is
basically, this reducer must return state,
and redux depending on it to
return state no matter what.
So what happens if another
action gets fired that this root
reducer doesn't recognize?
Well, if you don't return anything,
it blows away everything,
because you're gonna call a function,
it's gonna return undefined, right.
So you must return something.
So you're gonna say basically
return state, right.
>> Brian Holt: Otherwise,
if you don't return state,
then everything gets blown away and
people die and stuff like that.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
does that makes sense?
Now, what we want to be able to do,
is we also wanna be able to
initialize our state as well.
Cuz right now, when this gets initialized,
it actually does call your root
reducer once to initialize the state.
So what we want to be able to do is,
we actually want to have an initial
state if nothing else happens.
So let's create an initial state.
We're gonna say, const initialState
equals search term colon empty string.
And this is gonna give us what our
initial state we want it to look like.
And what you can do here,
which is kind of fun.
Have you heard of like a default
parameters from the ES6 before?
So you can actually say,
initialState here, and it says,
if state is undefined, make it this.
Or in other words if no state,
state = initialState.
Same diff.
>> Brian Holt: Or, if you prefer,
state = state || initialState.
That's equivalent to this
is equivalent to this.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, but let's just go
ahead and make it just that top one.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
any questions about that?
>> Brian Holt: It still doesn't work yet,
cuz we have to do a bunch of other stuff.
But that's the heavy
lifting part of Redux.
Everything else is just getting
it to play nicely with React.
But that's essentially Redux in about,
like, that's it,
that's really all there is to Redux.
So it's actually pretty simple.
It's pretty small.
Well, I guess you actually
have to create the store, so
that const store is equal to redux.
Put this up a little bit.
redux.createStore and
you just pass in your root reducer.
>> Brian Holt: That's it [LAUGH].
However, I want you to take note of
something that's kind of interesting
about Redux.
Notice I only called the Redux
is actually right there.
Everything else is just pure JavaScript.
I think that's pretty cool, right.
Cuz then Redux is not getting in the way.
There's not really a ton
to learn about it.
It's just all JavaScript programming, and
then Redux just steps into kind
of help you marshal that about.
There's actually a gist out there
that I don't know where it is, but
you can actually see all of
Redux implemented in 80 lines.
It's really small.
Now, they actually do some
like optimizations for you.
So the library itself
is a little bit larger.
But the basic bare bones of Redux
is only like 80 lines of code.
And I'll definitely tell you to go
watch Dan Abramov's video on Egghead,
because you actually write Redux with him,
and it's pretty cool.